# Persona: Adulting Abigail

Abigail, or Abby as her friends call her, is 28 years old. She comes from a blended family with a brother and sister, and a half-brother. The siblings are all fairly close, but being one of the middle kids Abby always felt like she had to prove herself. Her older siblings are now married and starting families of her own, but Abby is still single and living with roommates. With her 29th birthday around the corner and 30 looming closer, lately she’s been **feeling left behind in life**.

Abby has always been a bit of a dreamer. School took her a little longer than some people, because she didn’t exactly take the straightest path through post secondary. She’s already had a few different jobs, but she’s currently pretty happy with her gig as a registered massage therapist. She works at a spa, so her cash flow isn’t as strong as it would be if she was running her own business, and her loftiest goal is to make that a reality before she turns 30. Abby realizes though that this means she’d have to be a **lot more organized than she currently is**, to be able to take on everything that comes with having a **small business**. She also realizes that she’s going to have to invest in herself, and wants to start being smarter with her finances.

Right now, Abby **struggles with remembering the day to day details**. There’s just **so much going** on in her social life! Her friends know to message her (probably more than once) on the day they have plans with her because she’s well known for forgetting them. Yes, Abby tries… she uses her phone’s calendar to try to keep track of things, but she finds it **too easy to accidentally ignore one of the million notifications she gets**. Abby hates this about herself, she feels incredibly bad when she stands up her friends. 

Two years ago Abby bought a new-to-her car (that isn’t exactly new) and her dad’s been dealing with it for her whenever it has issues. Abby really **doesn’t want to have to rely on her parents anymore**, so she’s written down most of what he’s said in her Notes app. Still, Abby **struggles to remember to look at the notes and remember to take it in for its regular maintenance**. Last year that really shot her in the foot, when it snowed and her tires were bald - spinning out in her parking lot was terrifying and the taxi took forever to get her to work that day. 

Abby has set herself a goal, she wants to be more organized in her personal life before she turns 29, so that she has a year to focus on becoming more organized in her professional life. She **knows there are important life details she should be keeping better track of**, and wants to **find a better system than the scattered multi-app approach** she’s been using. She’s incredibly sick of the million half baked lists she has in a million different places. Abby also wants to have a better grasp of what exactly the important details she should be keeping track of are.
